[console_scripts]
pymunin-wanpipestats = pymunin.plugins.wanpipestats:main
pymunin-apachestats = pymunin.plugins.apachestats:main
pymunin-memcachedstats = pymunin.plugins.memcachedstats:main
pymunin-tomcatstats = pymunin.plugins.tomcatstats:main
pymunin-varnishstats = pymunin.plugins.varnishstats:main
pymunin-communitystats = pymunin.plugins.communitystats:main
pymunin-nginxstats = pymunin.plugins.nginxstats:main
pymunin-phpapcstats = pymunin.plugins.phpapcstats:main
pymunin-mysqlstats = pymunin.plugins.mysqlstats:main
pymunin-procstats = pymunin.plugins.procstats:main
pymunin-sysstats = pymunin.plugins.sysstats:main
pymunin-diskiostats = pymunin.plugins.diskiostats:main
pymunin-rackspacestats = pymunin.plugins.rackspacestats:main
pymunin-netifacestats = pymunin.plugins.netifacestats:main
pymunin-redisstats = pymunin.plugins.redisstats:main
pymunin-ntphostoffsets = pymunin.plugins.ntphostoffsets:main
pymunin-diskusagestats = pymunin.plugins.diskusagestats:main
pymunin-asteriskstats = pymunin.plugins.asteriskstats:main
pymunin-lighttpdstats = pymunin.plugins.lighttpdstats:main
pymunin-phpfpmstats = pymunin.plugins.phpfpmstats:main
pymunin-netstats = pymunin.plugins.netstats:main
pymunin-ntpstats = pymunin.plugins.ntpstats:main
pymunin-ntphostoffset_ = pymunin.plugins.ntphostoffset_:main
pymunin-fsstats = pymunin.plugins.fsstats:main
pymunin-pgstats = pymunin.plugins.pgstats:main

